Enhance README with model details and repository info (#186)
ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-OM3: README.md

## About the model

ACCESS-OM3 is an ocean - sea ice (- wave - BGC) model under development, consisting of forks of the [MOM6](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/MOM6) ocean model (with optional [WOMBAT BGC](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/GFDL-generic-tracers)), [CICE6](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/CICE) sea ice model and optional [WW3](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/WW3) surface wave model, driven by prescribed surface forcings and coupled via [CDEPS and CMEPS](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access3-share), respectively. 

ACCESS-OM3 is built and deployed automatically to `gadi` on NCI (see below for details). **In general, most users should start from one of the tested [ACCESS-OM3 configurations](https://github.com/access-nri/access-om3-configs)**, rather than building from these sources. 

> For more information see the [ACCESS-Hive Docs model description](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/configurations/access-om/#access-om3) and [how to run the model](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/run-a-model/run-access-om3).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information see the [ACCESS-Hive Docs](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/).
```
fixes broken links
